Add a new "Schedule / Planning Calendar" page to the existing time tracking web app (single HTML file).
Requirements:

New nav item in the sidebar called "Расписание" (Schedule) with a calendar icon. It should open a full-page monthly calendar view.
Full-page monthly calendar layout:

The calendar takes up the full content area (no extra padding cards)
7 columns (Mon–Sun), rows for each week of the month
Each day cell is tall enough to show content (min-height ~110px)
Navigation arrows to switch months (← →) in the topbar
Today's date is highlighted with an accent border
Weekends (Sat/Sun) have a slightly different background


Day cell content:

Day number in top-left corner
Below it: compact colored chips/tags showing employee name + object name for each planned assignment that day
If there are more than 3 assignments, show "...и ещё N" overflow label
Chips should use the employee's color (already stored in state.employees[].color)
The cell is clickable to open a day detail modal


Separate data store for the schedule — do NOT reuse state.entries (that's for time tracking). Add a new state.schedule array with items like:

js   {
     id: string,
     date: string,          // "YYYY-MM-DD"
     assignments: [
       {
         employeeId: string,
         objectId: string,   // can be empty string if freeform
         objectName: string, // freeform text OR pulled from state.objects
         task: string        // short task description, e.g. "Монтаж освещения"
       }
     ]
   }
Save and load from localStorage together with the rest of state.

Day detail modal (opens on day cell click):

Header: formatted date (e.g. "Пятница, 23 мая")
List of existing assignments for that day, each showing:

Employee name (colored badge)
Object name
Task description
Delete (✕) button


"+ Добавить" button that appends a new assignment row inline (without closing the modal):

Dropdown: select employee (from state.employees)
Dropdown OR text input: select object from state.objects OR type freeform name
Text input: task description (placeholder "Задача / комментарий")


"Сохранить" button saves all changes to state.schedule and refreshes the calendar
Modal closes on overlay click or ✕ button


Style rules:

Assignment chips: border-radius: 4px, small font (11–12px), colored left border using employee color, white/surface background, truncated text with overflow: hidden; text-overflow: ellipsis; white-space: nowrap
Calendar grid uses display: grid; grid-template-columns: repeat(7, 1fr) with gap: 1px and a light border around the whole grid
Day cells: border: 1px solid var(--border), hover state changes background
Keep all existing pages and functionality exactly as they are — only ADD new code


Persist state.schedule in the same localStorage.setItem('tabele_state', ...) call that already saves state.employees, state.objects, and state.entries.
The new page should feel like a team planning board — not a time log. Label it clearly: heading "План на месяц" at the top.

Do not break any existing functionality. Add the new page cleanly alongside the existing ones.